we are back with a special series the
legacy of Robert F Kennedy it was 50
years ago tomorrow that the nation was
left shocked and shattered when Senator
Robert F Kennedy brother of the slain
president was himself cut down by an
assassin's bullet as he was campaigning
for president he left behind his wife
Ethel and 11 children and his unfinished
work opposing the Vietnam War supporting
civil rights in battling poverty well
now his daughter carrie has written a
new book about her father's legacy it's
called ripples of Hope and Kerry Kennedy
good morning it's good to see you to be
here thank you we were just talking
about 50 years it's hard to fathom that
so much time has passed you were eight
years old when your father passed yes
yeah it is but it's amazing how far
we've come as a country and how this
year in particular we're feeling so much
of the division in our country that was
felt fifty years ago a lot of a lot of
the issues that he was grappling with
are really at the the front of the
headlines today and and the book gets a
lot of different perspectives on your
father because he meant so much to so
many people but let's talk about him
first as a father I mean what he meant
to you what are your most cherished
memories well he was he was a lot of fun
and he was you know not a Don Draper
father he was very very present he was
always there with us but one of the
things I remember is when we had battles
I had seven brothers three sisters so
there were lots of battles in our house
and he would always do the same thing
one time in particular I was I was
playing World War two with my brother
Michael in our tree house and he was the
Americans he was older and better aim
and I was the doomed Germans trying to
race up the tree house and take over and
he was throwing these Magnolia pods at
me which looked just like hand grenades
but feel like rocks when they hate her
head and I took one hit too many and I
scrambled out of the tree and ran up to
my father's study and jumped in his arms
with tears coming down my face and he
tellers said what happened and I told
him the sad saga and he said you go get
Michael and I was like justice will be
done
I got my brother and I brought him up
and he said now Michael you'd be quiet
and don't interrupt and Karie tell what
happened I told the whole thing and then
he said now Carrie you can't interrupt
Michael you tell what happened and you
know and then he made us kiss and make
up and go to our rooms and read for an
hour but I think then that said she had
for us as children where the method it
was the method jihad for our country
which is peace it's not something just
to pray for everybody is responsible for
it in our daily lives and you have to
think of your enemies that's your
brothers and sisters and and you got to
read you talked about reading this book
has essays or reflections from a wide
variety of people John Lewis of course
the congressman and famous civil rights
activist George Clooney Barack Obama do
you have a favorite did you learn
anything new about your dad well I
learned it its interest the book is
really fun because um you know Hillary
Clinton said I'm like a Rorschach test
when you when you ask someone about me
you learn more about them than you learn
about me so this is a book really you
learn a lot about Bobby Kennedy but you
also learn a lot about Bono and and Tim
Cook and and Gloria Steinem and some of
the other people who are in it but I
didn't learn one story which was amazing
to me which is from John Lewis that he
was in charge in the 68 campaign of the
African American neighborhoods in Los
Angeles and Cesar Chavez was in charge
of the Latino but together they were in
charge of the white neighborhoods and
the two of them went door-to-door in LA
on behalf of my father and just the
thought of but opening your door and
seeing John Lewis and Cesar Chavez there
you know stumping brute someone it was
pretty amazing
what a time and then before I let you go
I know the family home was recently sold
and as I understand it you found a
letter that your father had written you
when your uncle President Kennedy yes
yeah yeah it was an unopened letter that
he had written
I'd never seen nobody had ever seen it I
opened it up for the first time a few
years ago when we sold the house and he
in it he's writing from the resolute
desk in the Oval Office just minutes
after he found out about Jack and he
says you know remember your Uncle Joe
and Uncle Jack and the sacrifices they
made for our country loved our country
and be kind to others hmm
what a treasure to find after all these
years yes and the book is a treasure as
well Carrie Kennedy thank you for being
here thank you know you'll be with your
family at a mass later this week and our
thoughts are with you as always thank
you so much thank you the book is called
ripples of Hope and you can find out
more about it today com slash shop is
the place to go hello today fans thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking that button down
there and click on any of the videos
over here to watch the latest interviews
show highlights and digital exclusives